well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
how the world will always get you what
you want there was a firearm a pistol
that's called a Glock 18c was fully
automatic if you don't know anything
about firearms it was a machine gun okay
bullets kept coming out as long as you
held the trigger down as opposed to a
semi-automatic where you pull the
trigger and one bullet comes out until
you let it go and pull it again so
because of the laws that were already on
the books and the time this thing hit
market and a whole bunch of other things
this was basically just legislated out
of existence you couldn't get them on
the normal civilian market they weren't
really available on the black market
mainly because of the demand it didn't
exist nobody nobody really wanted this
thing about the only way you could
realistically get one was if you were a
class three firearms dealer a legal
firearms dealer and you had a buddy who
was a sheriff or a comp police chief not
just a normal copper deputy and he wrote
a letter saying that he would like to
sample this weapon then you could get
your hands on one but you really
couldn't do anything with it
there are a couple of other ways if you
were lucky enough to find one that was
made before a certain date and you had a
federal fire there were there are a
whole bunch of things going on but
realistically there was no way for the
average person within the United States
who was not military a cop or a licensed
firearms dealer to get their hands on
one there wasn't a huge demand for them
because it's a gimmick I don't know a
lot of shooters they're like you know I
want a pistol but I wanted to shoot
1,200 rounds a minute that was the
cyclic rate on this thing now a normal
automatic firearm fully automatic fire
they're not illegal in the United States
that's a common misconception you can
get them but you got to jump through
some hoops and they are really expensive
we're talking a luxury sedan expensive
if you do it legally if you do it
illegally well they're about 1/10 of
that price and there's no weight you can
pick them up same day
so the key thing I want you to remember
is that this thing for all intents and
purposes within the United States it was
gone it did not exist in civilian hands
until that the ATF is currently trying
to track down more than 3,000 conversion
kits that were made to turn a normal
semi-automatic Glock the kind that every
cop in the world has and you can buy at
any gun store into the fully automatic
one this was something that didn't have
a market but now the ATF knows there
were at least 3,000 conversion kits that
were sold you're thinking kept like that
that's gotta be a high-dollar item 1995
shipped to your door ordered it on the
Internet you didn't need any special
connections didn't need to know anybody
in the underworld no big deal somebody
figured out how to make it cheap in this
case the prohibition created the demand
nobody wanted the thing before then but
when it was prohibited it became cool so
the market was created and that market
was filled who's buying these I don't
know the ones they have recovered that
they have talked about well they're much
pellets that's where they came from that
that's you got their hands on them which
like in most cases with guns especially
when you prohibit something that's who
ends up still being able to get their
hands on them but the only people that
would be interested in something like
this realistically are people engaged in
a mass shooting drive-by something like
that where you want to pump out a bunch
of rounds in a very short amount of time
and you need something concealable or
that one idiot at the range that thinks
that if he has every firearm in the
world his member is longer that's it
that there's no real use for this thing
but now it's flooded the market now it's
everywhere within the United States
you'll be able to get them because it
was banned nobody wanted it before then
it's almost like prohibition doesn't
work it never has it never will when you
take something that is in essence a
victimless crime possessing this there's
no victim there's no victim to owning it
and you make it illegal all you do is
pay people want it that's what's
happened here prohibition doesn't work
with guns it doesn't work with drugs
it's not going to work with abortion it
is what it is there will always be
somebody willing to fill that market and
when you're talking about something that
is a moral gray area for most people
it's gonna be filled very quickly this
isn't a crime that has a victim you
can't name the person that's harmed by
this that's the problem focusing on
prohibiting items like this it's always
a losing proposition in fact you're
gonna do this you're gonna create the
demand for it you're gonna make it more
accessible to those you don't want to
have them that's what's going to happen
and that is what happened anyway it's
just a thought now I have a good night